Assignment 5 readme File

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What is your name?

Lauren Johnston

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What is your name?

Tyler Campbell

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What authorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? COPY THE LIST of authorized sources of
information given in the "Policies" web page to this section of the
readme file, and edit it as appropriate.

The course's lectures.

The course's precepts.

The course's website.

Documents that are referenced directly by the course's website. 
Such documents include the course's lecture slides and precept handouts.

The course's textbooks.

The man pages on the CourseLab cluster.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through office hours.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through meetings.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through Piazza.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through e-mail.

Current lab teaching assistants through visits to the course labs.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What authorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? COPY THE LIST of authorized sources of
information given in the "Policies" web page to this section of the
readme file, and edit it as appropriate.

The course's lectures.

The course's precepts.

The course's website.

Documents that are referenced directly by the course's website. Such
documents include the course's lecture slides and precept handouts.

The course's textbooks.

The man pages on the CourseLab cluster.

Current lab teaching assistants through visits to the course labs.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What unauthorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? List any unauthorized sources of information
that you used to complete the assignment, and describe how you used
them. The course "Policies" web page defines unauthorized sources of
information, and any source that you have used but not listed in the
authorized sources should be included here. Please note that using an
unauthorized source may trigger a course penalty, and depending on the
nature of the interaction, may additionally require the interaction
being reported to the Committee on Discipline. Write "None" if you used
no unauthorized sources of information.

None

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What unauthorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? List any unauthorized sources of information
that you used to complete the assignment, and describe how you used
them. The course "Policies" web page defines unauthorized sources of
information, and any source that you have used but not listed in the
authorized sources should be included here. Please note that using an
unauthorized source may trigger a course penalty, and depending on the
nature of the interaction, may additionally require the interaction
being reported to the Committee on Discipline. Write "None" if you used
no unauthorized sources of information.

None

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What is your assessment of the assignment? Was it helpful?
Was it fun?

The assignment was helpful in understanding the link between assembly
and machine language. It was fun because before this point I hadn't
considered hacking methods in serious depth but now feel like I have
a greater appreciate for how important computer security is.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What is your assessment of the assignment? Was it helpful?
Was it fun?

The assignement was helpful for learning machine language and fun to
"hack" in order to change to a better grade.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(optional) What information can you provide about your submission that
will help your grader to grade it in the most favorable light? In
particular, what bugs are in your submission?


------------------------------------------------------------------------
What are your sentences from Part f?

According to 18 U.S. Code 1030, if you were to use a buffer overrun
attack to commit fraud or related activity in connection with computers,
but did not attempt to cause death and did not knowingly or recklessly
cause death, then you could receive a maximum penalty of 10 years in
prison (maximum generally awarded to repeat offenders).

According to 18 U.S. Code 1030, if you were to use a buffer overrun
attack to commit fraud or related activity in connection with computers,
and attempted to cause death or knowingly or recklessly caused death,
then you could receive a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

